Amend misleading comment in dialog example (#26766)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/dialog/index.md

// "Show the dialog" button opens the <dialog> modally
showButton.addEventListener('click', () => {
  favDialog.showModal();
});

// "Favorite animal" input sets the value of the submit button
selectEl.addEventListener('change', (e) => {
  confirmBtn.value = selectEl.value;
});

> // "Confirm" button triggers "close" on dialog by preventing the form from submitting and utilizing the close method to close the dialog.

Reviewer: ```html
      <button value="cancel" formmethod="dialog">Cancel</button>
      <button id="confirmBtn" value="default">Submit</button>
```

the Cancel button closes the because of [formmethod="dialog"].
the Submit button (which we should change to `<button id="confirmBtn" value="default">Confirm</button>` to match the ID and to not confuse the user as both buttons default to `type=submit`)

Your edit should be near the confirm button, and here we should keep the note, but corrected with a reference to the cancel button

```suggestion
// "Cancel" button closes the dialog without submitting because of [formmethod="dialog"], triggering a close event.
```

Reviewer: > the Cancel button closes the because of [formmethod="dialog"]. the Submit button (which we should change to `<button id="confirmBtn" value="default">Confirm</button>` to match the ID and to not confuse the user as both buttons default to `type=submit`)

I made this edit.

favDialog.addEventListener('close', (e) => {
  outputBox.value = favDialog.returnValue === 'default' ? "No return value." : `ReturnValue: ${favDialog.returnValue}.`; // Have to check for "default" rather than empty string

> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
});

// Prevent the "confirm" button from the default behavior of submitting the form, and close the dialog with the `close()` method, which triggers the "close" event.
```
